[doc][tune] Add tune checkpoint user guide. (#33145)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/tune/tutorials/tune-storage.rst

.. _tune-storage-options:

.. _tune-persisted-experiment-data:

> What types of data are stored by Tune

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Types of data stored by Tune
```

-------------------------------------

Experiment Checkpoints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Experiment-level checkpoints save the experiment state. This includes the state of the searcher,

> the list of trials and their statuses (e.g. PENDING, RUNNING, TERMINATED, ERROR), and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the list of trials and their statuses (e.g., PENDING, RUNNING, TERMINATED, ERROR), and
```

> metadata pertaining to each trial (e.g. hyperparameter configuration, some derived trial results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metadata pertaining to each trial (e.g., hyperparameter configuration, some derived trial results
```

(min, max, last), etc).

Trial Checkpoints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Trial-level checkpoints capture the per-trial state. They are saved by the :ref:`trainable <tune_60_seconds_trainables>` itself.

> This often includes the model and optimizer states. Here are a few uses of trial checkpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are a few uses of trial checkpoints:
```

> - If the trial is interrupted for some reason (e.g. on spot instances), it can be resumed from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the trial is interrupted for some reason (e.g., on spot instances), it can be resumed from the
```

  last state. No training time is lost.

> - Some searchers/schedulers pause trials to free resources so that other trials can train in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some searchers or schedulers pause trials to free up resources for other trials to train in
```

  the meantime. This only makes sense if the trials can then continue training from the latest state.
- The checkpoint can be later used for other downstream tasks like batch inference.

> We will talk more about how to save and load trial checkpoints here: :ref:`here <tune-trial-checkpoint>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn saving and loading trial checkpoints here: :ref:`here <tune-trial-checkpoint>`.
```

Trial Results
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Metrics reported by trials get saved and logged to their respective trial directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics reported by trials are saved and logged to their respective trial directories.
```

> This is the data stored in csv/json format as well as tensorboard format (events.out.tfevents.*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data is stored in CSV, JSON or TensorBoard  (events.out.tfevents.*) formats.
```

> How to Configure Storage Options for a Distributed Tune Experiment?
> ===================================================================

Reviewer 2: Realizing now that this shouldn't be a question

```suggestion
How to Configure Storage Options for a Distributed Tune Experiment
==================================================================
```

How to Configure Storage Options for a Distributed Tune Experiment?
===================================================================

Before diving into storage options, one can take a look at

> :ref:`the different types of data stored by Tune <tune-persisted-experiment-data>`.

Reviewer 2: Let's also make this a `seealso` after the intro text, right before `Storage options with tune`
